[DOC-7925] Remove deprecated roles (#18402)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/cockroachcloud/client-certs-dedicated.md

{{site.data.alerts.end}}

{{site.data.alerts.callout_success}}

> Managing the certificate authority (CA) certificate for a CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} cluster requires the [Cluster Administrator]({% link cockroachcloud/authorization.md %}#cluster-administrator)  role.

Author: ```suggestion
The [Cluster Administrator]({% link cockroachcloud/authorization.md %}#cluster-administrator) or [Org Administrator]({% link cockroachcloud/authorization.md %}#org-administrator) Organization role is required to manage the CA certificate for a CockroachDB {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} cluster.
```
